>> Kent C Dodds: I realize
that the actual solution that
loaded into all of your stuff was
a little bit different in implementation.
I added this looks like instead
of trying to determine whether
it's a variable declarator.
Yeah, so, or sorry, I added it looks
like on the parent function to see
if it had an identifier for
the function declaration, and
if there's a variable declared
then I'll give the name.
So multiple ways to do the same
thing in JavaScript, who knew.
Let's go ahead and support this pattern,
function expressions.
So should be pretty straight
forward after our last experience.
So we're just gonna add another or here.
Or is regular function expression
and,
>> Kent C Dodds: Let's see.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, okay.
And then we say, if it's a variable
declared, let's see, hold on, sorry.
Yeah, okay, that makes sense, yeah.
So if what we're providing
is a variable declarator or
t.isFunctionExpression(parentFunction.par-
ent).
And actually we should probably look at
the AST really quick before I just type
stuff.
And so what we're looking at,
this is the parent function.
It is this function expression
is the parent function.
So then we want to look at the parent and
if that, let's see.
>> Kent C Dodds: I've
just confused myself.
My solution that I have shouldn't
actually work, but it does.
So now I'm confused as to why it works.
Well it just happens to work because
it's a function expression but we don't
actually verify that it's a declarator.
I'm pretty sure we don't even need this.
Yeah, we don't need that.
[LAUGH] That was easier than I thought.
That was kinda weird.
Yeah, so my solution was wrong.
If anybody wants to make a poll request
to remove that from my solution,
you're welcome to do so.
So yeah,
to recap because I was all confusing,
all that we needed to do is just add
this or case for isFunctionExpression.
And then, yeah,
then everything else works.
If it's a variable declarator,
if the parent is a variable declarator,
then use that parent's ID.
And let's just put that in here, make
sure our tests are passing, and they are.
Anybody learn anything interesting
out of that one, hopefully?
Yes, something.
>> Student: Just look at the prototype.
When in doubt, I was trying to, I was
stuck and then I just happened to glance
at the prototype and see, right, this
is a lot more obvious then I imagined.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, yeah.
Just to be clear for folks at home or
anybody who's not certain what you're
talking about, you're kind of talking
about taking the path, logging that,
and then looking at the proto object
here and just reading through that.
>> Student: Yeah, I mean just finding the
method I needed or the function I needed.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah,
it's pretty handy stuff.
And you could do some JavaScipt
magic to have a filter or
something for, it has these words or
something like that.
Yeah, and another one to
look at would be path.scope.
This one has a lot of things on it
as well that are really useful.
Great, so that is our Babel plug-in.
Captains log.
Cool stuff,
love the reference to Star Trek.